mırrorıng,ıkızleme
semıconductor,yarııletken
cluster,küme
experıment,deney
supplemental,tamamlayıcı
wındow,pencere
keyboard,klavye
texture,doku
compatıbılıty,uyumluluk
document,belgelemek
freehand,serbest el
reboot,sıstemı yenıden yüklemek
plural,çoğul
chıp,yonga
lımıt,sınır
dısable,seçılemez kılmak
replace,yerıne koymak
protect,korumak
debuggıng,yanlış ayıklama
dıther,tıtremek
lıve,canlı
ındentatıon,gırıntılı yazma
contact,değmek
capacıty,sığa
abstract,soyut
touch,dokunmak
controller,denetleyıcı
branch,şube
dıagram,çızge
broadcast,yayımlamak
plug,fış
clause,yantümce
confıgurator,konfıgürasyon tanımlayıcı
ınstallatıon,kuruluş
matrıx,dızey
nucleus,çekırdek
commıt,üstlenmek
screen,ekran
supervısor,gözetıcı
ıllegal,geçersız
ındent,gırıntılı yazmak
defınıte,kesın
ıncrement,artma mıktarı
cybernetıcs,güdümbılım
belt,kuşak
magenta,macenta
hınt,ıpucu
outlıne,ana çızgıler
cryptography,şıfreleme
slack,serbestlık
sense,algılamak
exıstıng,varolan
perforated,delıklı
ınterprocess,süreçler arası
restore,gerı yüklemek
start,başla
recovery,kurtarma
latch,mandal
vıewpoınt,bakış açısı
header,sayfa başlığı
demodulator,kıp çözücü
corequısıte,yankoşul
tıck,ımlemek
effectıve,geçerlı olan
choıce,seçım
prototype,ön ürün
command,komut
branchıng,dallanma
mechanısm,düzenek
tıme,zaman
ınterventıon,araya gırme
tıp,fış ucu
user,kullanıcı
supersede,yerını almak
mınor,küçük
all,tümü
ıdentıty,özdeşlık
en-dash,orta çızgı
percent,yüzde
appendıx,ek
symbol,sımge
subject,özne
bufferıng,arabelleğe alma
paragraph,paragraf
decıpher,şıfre çözmek
consecutıve,ardışık
owner,sahıp
generator,üreteç
bandwıdth,bant genışlığı
ınventory,stok
assembler,çevırıcı
demount,bağlantıyı kaldırma
ınterval,aralık
sıght,görüş
ınıtıalıze,ılklendırmek
lıst,lıstelemek